# chainprescribe
Chain Prescribe 2017 Athena Hackathon Demo

What:
Analyze & visualize prescription transactions and data in real-time for physicians to rate and use .
For this demo Twitter will be used as one of the many virtual environments that we can analyze 6,000 impressions of data per second to better understand and rank prescriptions to prescribe to treat an epilepsy patient.  
It’s 2017, so naturally we’re going to gauge the world’s sentiment of healthcare in relation to the costs, side effects, effectiveness, and testimonials of prescriptions to enable physicians to make even better, live decisions in the moment instead of guessing! 
This demo will demonstrate how physicians can use blockchain technology to securely visualize this data to make even better accurate prescriptions for the symptoms of their patients, while remaining within compliance.
Would be a $99 per patient or monthly $9999 unlimited month to month  model per Athena health user, which is a fraction  of competition and would save thousands per physician! 

This demo uses:
1. Twitter API: source of the tweets
2. IBM Watson Sentiment Analysis BLOCK: this API allows you to analyze and gauge emotion, and determine where a text input sits on a negative-postive scale
3. PubNub: streams the data from Twitter, processes the tweet with IBM Watson, and publishes the data to the Initial State dashboard
4. Initial State: visualizes the data in a beautiful, live-updating dashboard
5. Google Maps Geocoding API 
6. Javasript
7. Python 3.6.1


Why blockchain instead of SSL?
Epilepsy patients alone for this example demo are prescribed 5 or more different drugs over an 8 year span with little to no guidance due to lack of info to make proper decisions in choosing what they are going to prescribe for their patient! 
(Data from Athena Health)
More then ever physicians need to be able to rule out diagnosis of the symptoms of their patients, live, and in a secure process that blockchain technology can help them make sense of!
The internet, SSL, and most security methods in general are not keeping up with the millions of bits of smart data being generated by am Intelligent web of things, with over 10 Billion devices estimated to go online in 2020! 
(Daniel Marcos – Gazelle / Apple) 
The internet today is not going to cut it for healthcare physicians moving forwards, which is why blockchain will take all professions, including healthcare, into the next decade with the transparency so desperately needed to make sense of prescription drugs and their corresponding side effects.
Intelligent internet today is not able to deal with all the prescription data and transactions made possible by years of doubling data now plaguing healthcare, and is now adding to non-transparency to transactions and prescription data leaving physicians in the dark.  
Physicians need to be able to make sense of data they are getting from multiple sources that accounts for: 
Ordering circumstances
Costs of procedures to patient insurance coverage
Radiation exposure (especially when dealing with cancer treatments) 
The long term vs short term side effects that could cause client prescription conflict commonly rapid in thousands of patient deaths each year!






What happended:

CODE BLEW UP IN PYTHON :(
Ran out of time!

